Add a Note about base os management and old bootstrap scripts (#3044)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/registration-bootstrap.adoc

If you register openSUSE Leap 15 or SLE 15 systems using Python 2, the bootstrap script fails.
====

> [IMPORTANT]
> ====
> After migrating from an older version of SUSE Manager to a newer version, we strongly recommend re-generating the existing bootstrap scripts before onboarding new systems to prevent any potential issues.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]

[IMPORTANT]
====
After migrating from an older version of {productname} to a newer version, we strongly recommend re-generating the bootstrap scripts before onboarding new systems to prevent any potential issues.
====

endif::[]
```
